docs: update installation instructions and fix old links (#768)
adfinis/mySAGW: README.md

 - https://mysagw.local/api/ --> backend
 - https://mysagw.local/graphql/ --> caluma

> First, you might want to register a new user or directly add it to Keycloak (`admin:keycloak`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, you might want to register a new user or directly create one using the Keycloak admin interface. The default Keycloak access credentials are user: `admin` and password: `keycloak`.
```

Author: Applied, thx.
